last Friday the first assembly of the
bald group that goes away
the consortium members were present in the car show for the
bobstore consultants came a cover to hold the event with the
Consortium can already be considered to be the best way
zero kilometers car
if you do not pay interest
if you have 72 months to pay
the way we are today with 21 years in Brazil one of the biggest
In the world you can buy a car for about two months of use without the
need to offer entry
no bureaucracy at the time you take the vehicle, then it sure is.
today the best option for you to buy your zero kilometer car
Brazil has increased the number of people joining the consortium
not to mention that the most viable way of keeping money fled high interest rates
the consortium's share is much cheaper than the value of the
financing a motorcycle this type of event
it only strengthens
there is product quality after the scare would not motivate flexibility
it's a local group
the participants here have a benefit
that the portion reduced by 33% until contemplation which allows a
consortium
after purchasing the vehicle the automobile with installments from three in seven
carts were all attentive to the draw and to the exit of the dozens Maria
guti farias da silva paid only one installment and was the first
draw and left with just knowing the serious project square kilometers
The whole of this legal limit, my God.
you lost
It's a partnership of my Brazilian vacation home.
the council stresses
it is 100% true that in the first
I had up there from harlei
besides maria goreti plus four people got out of new car with the
lancenet third time I do it with the famous one here
her than it is in itself
he twisted his right foot later and he needed to do the same
things
I deposited some of her money if we have other actions
and it worked
the consortium members can accompany the assembly that bid for the
internet wendel silva with its worthy people speaks of the thrill of accomplishing the
people's dream
This is rewarding because
you see their joy 7
and you have
impossible glitter in their eyes
I feel him leaving with the contemplated car.
I saw the transparency of our business
Come here. I hope we talk.
What do we talk about in the field?
the Northeast people here live I do not owe this first week is that you can
Reserve
on Tuesday we will release everything we followed was recorded
so it's very rewarding